# CODSOFT
This repository have results of task given by CODSOFT during Internship
Task : 1 - Titanic Survival Prediction - In this project, I built a machine learning model to predict the passenger survival and I have used the Titanic dataset downloaded from the Kaggle website as per Codsoft instructions for this project, I have implemented Logistic Regression with Python and Scikit-Learn and built a model to predict whether the passenger survived or not by training a binary classification model using Logistic Regression.

Task : 2 - Movie Rating Prediction - Here, I built a machine learning model for Movie Rating Prediction for the IMDB dataset from the Kaggle. In this project, I have implemented Linear Regression technique for the prediction. Firstly we have proceesed the data and visualized it with multiple chart for analysis then made feature engineering to make the data ready for model.

Task : 3 - IRIS Flower Classification - Aim of this project is to build a machine learning model to predict the category of Iris flower based on dataset downloaded from the Kaggle website as per Codsoft instructions for this project. In this project, I have implemented multiple classification algorithm with Python and Scikit-Learn. Accuracy of the model is calculated and established with the help of Evaluation Metrics. As a result of these process, we found Random Forest Classifier algorithm has higher performance efficiency in train but Logistic Regression model has better accuracy in both Train and Test data.

Task : 4 - Sales Prediction Using Python - The objective of this project is to develop a machine learning model to predict future sales using a given dataset. For this task, I have utilized a dataset available on Kaggle. The project involves data preprocessing, exploratory data analysis, and the implementation of multiple regression models to forecast sales figures evaluation metrics such as Mean Absolute Error (MAE) and Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) were used to assess the model's performance.
